Isaiah 40:31 | but those who hope in the Lord will renew their strength. They will soar on wings like eagles; they will run and not grow weary, they will walk and not be faint.
Matthew 11:28 | “Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest.
1 Corinthians 15:58 | Therefore, my dear brothers and sisters, stand firm. Let nothing move you. Always give yourselves fully to the work of the Lord, because you know that your labor in the Lord is not in vain.
Psalm 31:24 | Be strong and take heart, all you who hope in the Lord.
1 Corinthians 16:13 | Be on your guard; stand firm in the faith; be courageous; be strong.
John 16:33 | “I have told you these things, so that in me you may have peace. In this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome the world.”
Psalm 23:4 | Even though I walk through the darkest valley, I will fear no evil, for you are with me; your rod and your staff, they comfort me.
Romans 8:31 | What, then, shall we say in response to these things? If God is for us, who can be against us?
Philippians 4:6–7 | Do not be anxious about anything, but in every situation, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God. 7 And the peace of God, which transcends all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus.
Proverbs 3:5–6 | Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding; in all your ways submit to him, and he will make your paths straight.
Philippians 2:3–4 | Do nothing out of selfish ambition or vain conceit. Rather, in humility value others above yourselves, not looking to your own interests but each of you to the interests of the others.
Isaiah 41:13 | For I am the Lord your God who takes hold of your right hand and says to you, Do not fear; I will help you.
Revelation 21:4 | ‘He will wipe every tear from their eyes. There will be no more death’ or mourning or crying or pain, for the old order of things has passed away.”
John 14:27 | Peace I leave with you; my peace I give you. I do not give to you as the world gives. Do not let your hearts be troubled and do not be afraid.
Deuteronomy 31:6 | Be strong and courageous. Do not be afraid or terrified because of them, for the Lord your God goes with you; he will never leave you nor forsake you.”
Psalm 27:1 | The Lord is my light and my salvation—whom shall I fear? The Lord is the stronghold of my life—of whom shall I be afraid?
Proverbs 28:1 | The wicked flee though no one pursues, but the righteous are as bold as a lion.
2 Chronicles 32:7 | “Be strong and courageous. Do not be afraid or discouraged because of the king of Assyria and the vast army with him, for there is a greater power with us than with him.
Philippians 4:13 | I can do all this through him who gives me strength.
Ezra 10:4 | Rise up; this matter is in your hands. We will support you, so take courage and do it.”
